README.md, before:

# Key Matcher Bot

This project serve as one of presenter for Key Matcher Backend. This bot is specificly made for Line Application

## Available Scripts

In this project, you can run these scripts to run the application in development / production environment

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in development mode.<br>
The bot will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.<br>
By default, server runs on [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) and ngrok runs on [http://localhost:4040](http://localhost:4040).

To run in [Console Mode](https://bottender.js.org/docs/en/the-basics-console-mode), provide the `--console` option:

```sh
npm run dev -- --console
yarn dev --console
```

### `npm start`

Runs the app in production mode.<br>
By default, server runs on [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

To run in [Console Mode](https://bottender.js.org/docs/en/the-basics-console-mode), provide the `--console` option:

```sh
npm start -- --console
yarn start --console
```

### `npm run lint`

Runs the linter rules using [Eslint](https://eslint.org/).

### `npm test`

Runs the test cases using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

## Reference
- [Bottender](https://bottender.js.org/)
- [Node Js](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

Commit message:

setting up unitest for bot project

README.md, after:

# Key Matcher Bot

This project serve as one of presenter for Key Matcher Backend. This bot is specificly made for Line Application

## Todo
Current need to do job : 
- [x] Adding Unitest to the project
- [ ] Creating handler for each command in line event
- [ ] Creating extensible so that can be used in other than line component

## Available Scripts

In this project, you can run these scripts to run the application in development / production environment

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in development mode.<br>
The bot will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.<br>
By default, server runs on [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) and ngrok runs on [http://localhost:4040](http://localhost:4040).

To run in [Console Mode](https://bottender.js.org/docs/en/the-basics-console-mode), provide the `--console` option:

```sh
npm run dev -- --console
yarn dev --console
```

### `npm start`

Runs the app in production mode.<br>
By default, server runs on [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

To run in [Console Mode](https://bottender.js.org/docs/en/the-basics-console-mode), provide the `--console` option:

```sh
npm start -- --console
yarn start --console
```

### `npm run lint`

Runs the linter rules using [Eslint](https://eslint.org/).

### `npm test`

Runs the test cases using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

## Reference
- [Bottender](https://bottender.js.org/)
- [Node Js](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)
